
1)	Percy Jackson and The Battle of the Labyrinth 
 	Rick Riordan
	Penguin UK (4 July 2013)
	Rs.206
	Children’s Books
	Percy Jackson And The Battle of The Labyrinth by Rick Riordan is the fourth installment in the series centered around the demigod, Percy Jackson. The story starts with 14 year old Percy is who is ready to start a fresh year of school. After getting ambushed by demon cheerleaders at his new school, Percy comes back to Camp Half-Blood only to learn about the mysterious Labyrinth. Based on Greek mythology, Percy Jackson And The Battle of The Labyrinth is a fantasy-adventure novel and is flooded with humour and heart-thumping action. This fourth book guarantees to be their most exciting exploit yet.


2)	Chasing Tomorrow Paperback 
Sidney Sheldon
Harper; new edition (27 October 2014)
Rs.313
Other
Tracy Whitney never wanted to settle down. Responsible for some of the world's most astounding heists with her brilliant, charming partner Jeff Stevens, she's enjoyed the danger and relished the intensity of life on the wild side. But she's had enough of conning the rich and corrupt out of their ill-gotten fortunes. The one thing that would make her life complete now is marriage and a child with Jeff.
But first, Tracy must finish one last job. An unexpected encounter with an old enemy triggers a series of disturbing events that Tracy never anticipated, raising terrifying ghosts she thought were dead and buried. Once again, this clever woman finds herself out on the edge, playing the odds in a desperate game of roulette. The stakes have always been high. But with her life and her future on the line, Tracy needs to dig deeper than she's ever gone before and find the strength and courage to trump her rivals, no matter what the cost. Tomorrow has come at last. But it isn't the future Tracy bargained for . . .


3)	The power of Positive Thinking
	 Norman Vincent Peale
	RHUK (5 July 2016)
	Rs 99
	Self Development
	To imbibe shaken confidence, The Power of Positive Thinking is a book written to help men and women who are haunted with living in a inferiority complex and have lost faith in themselves. Sharing his life experiences, Norman Peale speaks about faith in yourself being the ultimate key to happiness and that will bring back all good things into the believers life. The only matter of concern is to restore the lost faith. This classic guide is meant to regain self-esteem and faith, which does lead to success.
The book describes the power positive thinking has and how a firm belief in something, does actually help in achieving it. In order to live a successful and constructive life, one needs to know about the secrets of positive thinking says the author for it is the most important ingredient for a better and blissful life.


4)	`Bagh-e-Bahar: A Mughal Garden - A Colouring Book for Adults
	 Good Earth
	 Penguin (23 May 2016)
	 Rs. 629
	Entertainment
	 The first-ever adult coloring book from India brings the romance of Mughal gardens alive, through the classic patterns created by India’s best-known design company, Good Earth.
Using lush details from its eclectic design directory, Good Earth takes you on a journey of discovery in Bagh-e-Bahar: A Mughal Garden. With its trademark combination of Persian, Central Asian and indigenous Indian styles, it narrates the story of these beautiful gardens, full of immortal quotes from the mystical Sufi poet, Rumi.
Sumptuously designed, this delightful book is a design classic and the perfect gift, both to yourself as well as to others seeking to de-stress and explore their creative self.


5)	Rani Padmini
	 B. K. Karkra 
	Rupa Publications India (1 February 2009)
	Rs. 220
Biography
Rani Padmini: The Heroine of Chittor is an insightful account of the life and times of a queen about whom not much is known. Over the centuries, Padmini has emerged as an icon of national honour. The book offers fascinating vignettes of her life and the times she lived in. The politics of her times and the danger and humiliation that the queens were exposed to is mirrored in the book.


